my favorite social media strategy you
can Implement ASAP I post on social all
the time
amazing way to connect with my audience
and a supreme
boost my social presence it's super easy
and it ties in beautifully with
something you probably already do Target
your email subscribers think about it
what better audience to Target than
someone who's already connected with you
someone is subscribed to your email list
that means they already want your
content and are willing to have more
mail fill up in their inbox which is
already pretty full
we have clients at my agency that have
gotten as high as a 70 dollars for every
dollar spent on their email marketing
according to HUB thought 77 of markers
have seen an increase in email
engagement over the last 12 months let's
talk about how you can use it with your
social media efforts remember these are
people that already want your content
they've already signed up now if you
target them in your email campaigns
you're going after an Essence
enthusiastic leads these are people who
are more likely to actually take action
so I want you to add a CTA to each email
that you send out and also include
various social icon buttons below
your most lawyer customers are probably
the ones that still want emails from you
that means they also are more likely to
share your content on social once they
follow you there too it's also super
important that you align your content
strategies so they work in tandem with
one another both marketing channels
should create relatively similar content
so here are five actionable ways to use
this tactic so first off once a week I
recommend that you email out your best
social content to your email subscribers
so for example on Saturdays I email out
my YouTube videos that allows me to get
a more YouTube subscribers be more views
on my social content so these people
they'll go from just reading my blog to
now also starting to follow me on social
media you could do that with Instagram
Tick Tock whatever it may be start
linking out and it will be a great way
to just get more followers that's super
simple
the second strategy I have for you is to
do live sessions on social media so
whether it's through tools like restream
or whether you're just going live only
on Instagram or LinkedIn or whatever
platform you choose I recommend you do
all of them
what I would do if I were you is host a
monthly live session and let people know
an email where they can actually watch
it and link them to your social profiles
and tell them to subscribe so that way
they get notified when you are going
live and that'll also help you get way
more subscribers
the third strategy I have for you is to
do interviews with other well-known
people see your social profiles may not
have a lot of followers like Tony
Robbins or the Kardashians or even me I
don't have as many as them but a
strategy that I use is sometimes I'll do
interviews with other people on my
social profiles like we'll go live
together do video interviews together
and I'll email it out I tell them I'll
email out to my list you email to your
list I'll get more followers they'll get
more brand awareness it's a win-win for
both of us the fourth strategy I have
for you is post unique content at least
once a week on each of your Social
platforms so sometimes I have content
just for YouTube sometimes just for
Instagram sometimes for tick tock
sometimes just for LinkedIn you get the
point and what I'll do in my newsletters
is every once in a while I'll link to
people to that unique content on that
channel and let them know I post unique
content there on a monthly basis if they
follow me on that platform they'll get
access to it the reason this is
important is you want that person
following you on all your social
platforms not just one and that's why
you want to do unique content on
different platforms not for all of it in
most cases you want to repurpose but
every once in a while you want unique
content because with the social
algorithms and the way they work when
you post on LinkedIn all your followers
aren't going to see it when you post on
Facebook all your followers aren't going
to see it but if they follow you on
multiple networks and if you post that
content everywhere eventually they'll
see it and the way you get them to
follow you on all networks is tell them
on how you create unique content on each
Network and you should do that at least
once a month for each Network and don't
repurpose that or once a week if you
have extra time
my fifth strategy for you is to run a
contest contests are super popular just
think about any sporting event you go to
when you go to a sporting event a lot of
times they do contests like text and
number and you can win X thousand
dollars or buy some raffle tickets they
wouldn't do this stuff if it didn't work
so even though you're like ah contest
who's gonna apply there's a good chance
use your email list to push people to
the contest whether it's on Instagram or
LinkedIn and in the contest you can
actually tell people they gotta repost
your content or leave a comment or tag
you in something this all helps you get
more followers and get more engagement
remember your email list has your most
active users these are people who
subscribing gave you something some
personal information to keep getting
information from you those are the
people you want on your social platforms
following you now if you need help with
your social media marketing or even your
SEO or any digital marketing check out
my Ad Agency NP digital where we're
awarded agency of the year and if you
you enjoyed this video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you for
watching